# atspi-sys

Gir generated raw bindings for the atspi accessibility library for Rust

The accessibility library libatspi, part of AT-SPI2-CORE, is a C library for writing client programs to aid people in using their computers more conveniently.

AT-SPI2-CORE, and thus libatspi, can be found here: <https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/at-spi2-core>
The Atspi API reference guide can be found here: <https://developer.gnome.org/libatspi/stable/ch01.html>

The bindings provided here are generated against XUbuntu 20.10s Atspi library.

This crate was automatically generated by gir. <https://github.com/gtk-rs/gir>
If you find yourself with a C library which is glib dependent and want to write rust, turn to gir and follow the tutorial.

Aside from the bindings you will also find the gir file used to generate the bindings.

The most prominent change to the Atspi-2.0.gir file is the move to Gio DBus API as shown in this snippet:
```xml
<type name="Gio.DBusConnection" c:type="GDBusConnection*"/>
<type name="DBus.Connection" c:type="DBusConnection*"/>
```

gir-files-19.10> : The Atspi-2.0.gir file was modified to use Gio.DBusConnection and Gio.DBusServer for their corresponding GDBusConnection* and GDBusServer* respectively.

timeval is used but the gir file does not define where to find it(?)
timevalue.rs takes timeval from glib-sys.

The _AtspiAccessible is used but never defined.
accessible.rs creates an alias.

One or more of the above might be mistakes on my behalf, PRs are welcomed though. Please be kind enough to explain the change a bit so I understand and for future reference. 